# Hot Tips: 2016-05-03
## Track All Files in Git
Many of you have forgotten to commit some part of your submitted assignments, like images to go along with your HTML or a part of the JS.
Git can remind you that you're doing this, if you keep your untracked files list clean!

All of the files in your project folder should be explicitly ignored (using `.gitignore`) or committed.

## Extraneous Flexbox Properties
In people's Sidebar assignment, folks are still setting lots of flexbox properties, even when they're unnecessary.

If you were using http://flexboxin5.com/ realize that most of the attributes it shows you are defaults.
You don't need to specify them.
I think specifying them makes it harder to understand what is actually producing the layout you want.

* `flex-direction: row` is the default.

## Layout with Content
When prototyping out your layout, have all of your inner-most elements contain _some_ text.
Elements that don't contain any content can "collapse" in certain situations and not appear at all.

## Lodash
Turns out there's a Underscore fork called [Lodash](https://lodash.com) that's a bit more complete and (apparently) maintained than Underscore.
Start using that.

## JS Objects Interlude
Read up on my notes surrounding JS objects.
1. [Object Methods](/notes/js-object-methods.md)
1. [Constructors](/notes/js-constructors.md)
1. [Prototypes](/notes/js-prototypes.md)
1. [Prototype Methods](/notes/js-prototypes-methods.md)
1. [JS Objects Review](/notes/js-objects-review.md)

## jQuery Functions Return Original Selection
jQuery follows the **method chaining** pattern for the DOM modification functions.
All of those methods like `.attr()` _modify_ all of the selection in place and return _the input selection_ for more modification.

So if our starting HTML was:
```html
<div>
</div>
<div>
</div>
```
And we ran this jQuery:
```js
var newEm = $("<em></em>").text("woo");
$("div").text("More text ")  // Obviously modifies the divs and returns them.
    .append(em)  // Appending an element to multiple selections copies the element. But this returns the divs!
    .addClass("strikethrough");  // Operates on the divs! Not the ems.
```

This would be almost the same as re-selecting the original div selection each time.
```js
var newEm = $("<em></em>").text("woo");
$("div").text("More text ");
$("div").append(em);
$("div").addClass("strikethrough");
```

That would result in:
```html
<div class="strikethrough">
    More text <em>woo</em>
</div>
<div class="strikethrough">
    More text <em>woo</em>
</div>
```

## Inner Before Outer
Because of this behavior, you should setup your inner elements as fully as possible before adding them to existing or outer elements.
