# Hot Tips:
## Element Selectors
You don't have to set element selectors if they aren't general.

If every `section` in your page has different properties, don't have a `section` selector then override via classes, have custom classes or IDs on each one.

## Set One Width
And pick the most straightforward width.

* Fixed size -- `width: 400px;`
* Percentage size -- `width: 80%;`
* Flex ratio -- `flex: 1;`

If you specify `flex` and `width`, they clash and unclear what width you'll get.

## "Flexbox" Does Two Separate Things
### Layout of Children
Once you specify `display: flex;` on the parent, you can then use all the fun `justify-content`, `align-content`, etc. attributes.
Even if the children elements _don't_ have `flex: 1;`!

### Flexible Sizing of Children
Once you have turned on `display: flex;` in the parent, then you optionally can have any of the children resize themselves using flex ratios.
But you don't have to;
you can specify fixed or percentage widths if they're easier to think about.

## Only String Properties in JS Objects
I forgot to mention: JS objects can _only_ have strings as properties.
Other types will be casted to strings.

```js
var x = {};
x[4] = 5;
x ; //> {'4': 5}
```

## Undefined Everywhere
JS often just gives you `undefined` when you would expect an error.
Be _very vigilant_ about using the debugger to check for correct input.

If you try to access a property of an object that doesn't exist, you get `undefined`.
```js
var x = {"apple": 0.99};
x["pear"];  //> undefined
```

If you forget all of the arguments to a function, the remainder are filled in with `undefined`.
```js
var f = function (a, b) {
    a;  //> 1
    b;  //> undefined
};
f(1);
```

## JS Console Log
When you use `console.log(x)` it doesn't just print out the thing as a string.
It actually gives you a structured form of the value that you can look at.
Use the drop-down arrows to explore the structure of the object.

You can also use `console.dir(x)` to always view things in "object form".

To cast to a string, use `String(x)`.

## Refresh Bug
If the debugger was paused at a breakpoint and you refresh, often your new code won't be loaded and run.
Make sure the debugger has finished executing all of the script, then press refresh.
