# Hot Tips: 2016-03-30
## Think About Asking Questions of Data Structures
Lists, dicts, sets all let you easily answer different questions.
Dicts let you collect and lookup values, lists let you arrange values, sets let you subtract groups.

Think about breaking your problem apart into having _questions answered_.
Sometimes it makes sense to work backwards.

Imagine your word count problem:
1. What words have the most counts?
Sorting by count.
How do I answer that?
1. What's the count of unique the words?
I need a list of all the words.
How do I answer that?
1. What are all the words in the book?
I need the text of the book.
How do I answer that?
1. What functions do files give me to read them?

At some point you have to join your desires to what Python easily gives you already.
The art of programming is figuring out how to do that.

## No Shame Converting Data Structures
Since each data structure answers a different question, _convert_ your data into the form that will let you answer the question you're curious about right with right now.

What words are in Moby Dick that aren't in Pride and Prejudice?
All I have are word-count pairs.
Sets let me answer that question, so I'll quickly make some sets just to answer my question.

## Avoid Duplicating Data
Many questions you can ask of many data structures.
Lists, dict keys, and sets all let you ask "is x inside?"

Avoid making an unnecessary duplicate of the data to ask another question.
If you do, you then have to ensure that your data is synchronized at every point in the program.
That's more work for you.

Bad:
```python
product_to_price = {'apple': 0.99, 'pear': 1.50}
products = ['apple', 'pear']
for product in products:
  print(product, 'costs', product_to_price[product])
```

Better:
```python
product_to_price = {'apple': 0.99, 'pear': 1.50}
for product in product_to_price.keys():
  print(product, 'costs', product_to_price[product])
```

If you do need to ask a question you can't answer, don't be afraid to duplicate, though.
You still want to get your work done!
